I am Ratan Singh, son of Shri. Shadi Ram, resident of "XXXX, village Tatarpur, district Hapur, UP".
I have two sons: Elder one is Kunwar Pal Singh (KPS), Younger one is Jitendra Kumar(JK).
Kunwar Pal Singh has two sons: Elder one is Gaurav Singh(GS), Younger one is Rahul Singh(RS).
Jitendra Kumar has two sons: Elder one is Deepak Kumar(DK), Younger one is Gurmeet Kumar(GK).
I, Ratan Singh, inherited an agricultural land from my ancestors with Khasra Number XXXX, Village Tatarpur, District Hapur, UP.
Now, with my permission, KPS & JK have done construction on this land to turn it into a potential commercial wedding lawn to earn money.
KPS & JK have spent approximately Rupees 20 Lakhs & 15 Lakhs respectively to build it.
In this process, I took an agriculture loan of Rupees 3 Lakhs.
A loan amount of Rupees 5 Lakhs was given by the mediator Shri Ram Kumar.
During construction work, physical presence & supervision was done by JK and his sons only.
KPS and his sons couldn't contribute actively during construction as they all have working jobs.
KPS spent more money, JK worked physically and spent time during construction.
Keep the profit sharing ratio of 50:50 in KPS & JK.
This wedding lawn goes by name "Aashirwad Farm".
Now, I want to prepare a "business partnership" agreement for both of my sons.
Consider whosoever runs & manages the future operations of the farm by giving physical presence and working actively, he may draw a salary of 
	1) Rs.1500 per day if that person is from above mentioned family tree.
	OR
	2) Rs.1000 per day if an outsider is hired.
The land, the business all will be divided in 50:50 ratio by KPS and JK in case of my demise as per standard rules of ancestral property.
In case of any dispute, The mediator will be Shri. Ram Kumar R/o 13/8, 1st Floor, Netaji Subhash Marg, East Babarpur, Shahdara, Delhi-110032.
No amendments can be made to this agreement without consent of both partners.
Bank Account for the business will be in the name of the business and has to be operated with the consent of both partners for any debit.
Profit sharing can be debited as per mutual consent at any time.

Please prepare a business partnership agreement for the same.